DATAES-598:  Add Elasticsearch authentication a code example to readme (#289)
spring-projects/spring-data-elasticsearch: README.adoc

  }
}

> If the Elasticesearch Cluster has a BASIC_AUTH (user and password), You can do it like this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//  If necessary, a BASIC_AUTH (user and password) header can be set with
```

@Configuration

> public class Config2 {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public class ConfigWithAuthentication {
```

> 	private static final String BASIC_AUTH = "Basic "

Reviewer: dont' t need that variable, see below

			+ Base64.getEncoder().encodeToString("elastic:xihuaxian".getBytes(StandardCharsets.UTF_8));

	@Bean
	public ReactiveElasticsearchClient reactiveElasticsearchClient() {

		HttpHeaders defaultHeaders = new HttpHeaders();

> 		defaultHeaders.add(HttpHeaders.AUTHORIZATION, BASIC_AUTH);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		defaultHeaders.setBasicAuth(USER_NAME, USER_PASS);
```
better let the `HttpHeaders` class do the encoding
